Add documentation for Kueue visibility on-demand (#1381)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/tasks/monitor_pending_workloads/_index.md

---

title: "Monitor pending Workloads"
linkTitle: "Monitor pending Workloads"
weight: TBD
date: TBD
description: >
  How to monitor pending Workloads
no_list: true
---

> Kueue shares two way of monitoring pending Workloads. TBD maybe something about preferred way

Reviewer: > TBD maybe something about preferred way

Is this under working progress?

Reviewer 2: I think in the docs it is safe to promote the on-demand and say it is preferred due to the higher scale supported. It is also preferred because the in-status approach requires additional memory to maintain the snapshot per ClusterQueue.

In the long run we will want to promote on-demand to beta, for in-status, we could probably deprecate and eventually remove. cc @mwielgus

> Kueue shares two way of monitoring pending Workloads. For Kueue 0.6+ the preferred way to monitor pending Workloads is using the on-demand feature.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Kueue provides two way of monitoring pending Workloads. For Kueue 0.6 and newer the preferred way to monitor pending Workloads is using the on-demand API.
```

- [Pending Workloads in Status](/docs/tasks/monitor_pending_workloads/pending_workloads_in_status).

> - [Pending Workloads on-demand](/docs/tasks/monitor_pending_workloads/pending_workloads_on_demand).

Reviewer 3: If it's preferred, it should go first.
